foreign
ritual exposed
[Music]
early Christian priests altered
perceptions of sexuality in Roman
culture by employing child rape as a
means of reinforcing indoctrination
ancient child abuse within the church
was not the product of a few Rogue
pedophile priests it was a deliberative
purposeful act meant to change Roman
perspectives on sexual intercourse and
religion the Christian hierarchy used
the sexual assault of minors as a means
of transforming a society
steeped in the veneration of female
sexual Allure and feminine spiritual and
political Authority the Christian war on
classical values
redefined morality and enabled priests
to use extremely brutal mechanisms for
changing the way people thought about
sex
[Music]
all levels of the Christian hierarchy
including priests exorcists and even
Bishops advocated and defended the use
of ritual sodomy
it appears that the ritual was most
prominent in the catechetical school of
Alexandria and likely Finds Its Origins
there
it is also likely the gospel writer Mark
actually founded the catechetical school
in Alexandria many church leaders
including Clement origin and Jerome were
involved in its rigorous method of
training new converts
foreign
s of the early church fathers including
prominent bishops priests intellectuals
and even monks it is possible to
reconstruct much of the child's sodomy
ritual authors connected with
catechetical schools yield a wealth of
evidence that reveals ritual abuse to be
a consistent brutal and highly effective
means of indoctrination according to our
ancient sources if you were a Christian
priest living in the earliest era of the
church you knew what had to be done
nothing was more merciful in the long
run
remove the masses of unfortunate
orphaned children from the streets a few
at a time
and prepare them for salvation
[Music]
starve them recite creates to them with
a steady droning persistent repetition
and then gather them together into the
secret chamber a place that only priests
were allowed to frequent the place where
the devil could be summoned
place where a priest could forever purge
them of their desire for sexual intimacy
it may be hard for a modern audience to
understand but in the early centuries of
the Common Era salvation was no joke
original sin was a doctrine that
non-christians ignored and even mocked
but Exorcist priests took it very
seriously and were specially trained to
root it up every good Christian knew
that young boys particularly orphaned
children without the protection of
living parents were susceptible to
sexual impurity
something that would drag their souls
directly to hell
the only way to purge this impulse the
only way to save their souls was to
force them to undergo a sacred ceremony
a mysterious initiation that would
forever cleanse them of inappropriate
sexual desire and deliver them to Christ
[Music]
fires of Temptation
[Applause]
contemporary Roman Christians knew of
this ritual as applying quote the fires
of Temptation it was a devastatingly
difficult indoctrination meant to rescue
the damned it even required that a
priest be on hand after its completion
to fully debrief and counsel the
shell-shocked initiates the severity of
Christian initiation Disturbed the
Romans but in the eyes of the church
hierarchy desperate spiritual times
called for desperate spiritual measures
ritual exorcism is not difficult to
comprehend its theology is as elegant as
its rationale is unquestionable in the
mind of the Christian priests the world
is full of demons and these demons have
a peculiar affinity for naive
spiritually pure
pre-pubertal boys turtleian
wrote an apologeticus
about the belief that Christians possess
the fiery breath that was able to send
demons out of the bodies of the
possessed he says that demons flee to
the touch of Christians or their breath
this fits the historical context well we
consider the Cyril of Jerusalem one of
the greatest Advocates of ritual sodomy
wrote in the pro-catechesis and
mystogical catechesis about the process
of breathing or blowing upon young nude
oiled boys
be Earnest he says in submitting to the
exorcisms if you were blown upon and
exercised the process brings you to
Salvation
the battle for the soul revolved around
the sexual encounter of these youths and
the Christians thought it could be one
if the young were given a chance to
renounce the devil
in the face of direct unavoidable
temptation
what better way to give sexually
inexperienced children the opportunity
to embrace salvation than to summon
Lucifer himself let the devil offer the
Pains of Temptation
then let the young reject him and flee
to Jesus
the reasoning of The Exorcist priests
who ended up sodomizing boys was really
that simple post-ritual counseling was
invaluable after all that's what Cyril
the bishop of Jerusalem had commanded of
his Exorcist priests that's what Clement
the head of the catechetical school in
Alexandria required of his students and
church Elders like Cyril and Clement
were after all bearers of the Divine
commission they were only a few
Generations removed from the master
himself
their Authority was impeccable and their
dictates were obeyed because they were
coming directly from God
if you were a priest involved with
catechesis you were expected to teach
children that forced intercourse is only
a sin if it is enjoyed the distinction
between willful enjoyment of sodomy and
forced enjoyment was critical to Cyril
after all according to Christian dogma
if shunned any sort of sexual activity
became a means of purification that is
the job of The Exorcist was to summon
the devil let the Prince of Darkness
offer the Temptation through you and
then let the child reject the act the
successful initiate would be guaranteed
salvation and you the priest would be
doing the work of Christ the ritual
purification by sodomy was carefully
prescribed and executed the catechetical
schools insisted that the mystery we
remain consistent throughout the Empire
according to the bishop of Jerusalem
there must be an orthodox method of
exorcism this meant that Exorcist
priests were bound to follow the
writings of Bishops and to allow local
authorities to determine who was worthy
of assisting in such sacred duties Saint
Ambrose tells us that priests elders and
Bishops were all present but most
importantly priests and initiates were
forbidden from discussing the details of
what happened during this sacred mystery
on pain of Eternal damnation
ritual of abuse
[Music]
priests believe that only those Who Bore
the onerous burden of summoning the
Devil Himself and those who were
successfully initiated could understand
the value of ritual sexual abuse all
others should be excluded from knowledge
of its specifics wrote Cyril in Pro
catechesis quote make sure that you
don't talk carelessly not because what
you were told isn't fair to talk about
but because the listener isn't fit to
hear it the church fathers were well
aware that the pagans would eventually
accuse Priests of crimes if they ever
learned all the particulars of the
initiation
precisely because they had not been born
again into the way and their natural
inclination was to defend the demons
they worshiped in short pagans were
considered to be of the spirit of
antichrist and not to be trusted with
the secrets of initiations
young boys taken from the streets of
large Urban centers were prepared over a
period of weeks for their catechesis
priests enforced a rigorous series of
fast and constant indoctrination this
reinforced repetition of Christian
doctrine was the reason the process came
to be known as catechesis which is just
a Greek word for placing Doctrine into
the ears of novitiates and Latin
catechesis is transliterated as
indoctrination after weeks of starvation
and repetitive indoctrination children
deemed ready for the initiation ceremony
were taken to an out of the way chamber
or location where they were sequestered
from the general population of
novitiates in the first step of the
process of initiation priests removed
all of the clothing of these boys if the
children showed any evidence of being
ashamed to stand before a group of
priests naked Cyril commanded that
they'd be reminded that Jesus was
himself crucified without his clothing
they had no need of embarrassment to
stand as Jesus stood naked before the
world
Cyril's own words from his mystical
catechesis as soon as you entered you
took off your tunic
once you had taken it off you were naked
what a wonderful thing you were naked in
the eyes of all and felt no shame
then once you had removed your clothes
you were Anointed with exercise oil from
the top most hairs of your head
to the lowest parts of your body
after disrobing the children the priests
blindfolded them and then explained that
their actions were a necessary step in
protecting the children from The Gaze of
the devil
next the priest rubbed the boys
generously with a sacred oil the sacred
oil like the anointing oils also used by
the Christians contained drugs that
would undoubtedly facilitate the process
of exposing the children to the
Temptation offered by Lucifer in short
it would numb them to the burning fires
of the devil
[Music]
following Cyril's instructions
pre-supplied the oil to the boys from
the crown of their heads to the soles of
their feet it was an important Priestly
duty to ensure that the children were
completely covered and that the holy oil
was rubbed into the skin thoroughly
after all it served as a barrier for
their own protection and once it was
applied the boys were forever
consecrated to Christ
zero Delights in this particular detail
of the ritual and speaks about the
necessity of rubbing the entire body
with oil
[Music]
naked oiled children
once the children were prepped in this
manner and knelt and the hidden recesses
of the church naked blindfolded and
covered with oil The Exorcist then
proceeded to summon the devil once
Lucifer had been summoned he made his
presence known to the initiates they
heard his voice and became terribly
afraid the boys were then commanded to
rebuke the devil while facing him then
they were told to turn their back to him
at this point
possessed Exorcist applied the fires of
Temptation Cyril forbade this knowledge
from becoming public lest the Pagan
World misinterpreted and caused criminal
trouble for priests
what we do know about the fires of
Temptation is that at least one
Christian Author reveals them as the act
of sodomy
in other words the Prince of Darkness
the author of the first Temptation while
inhabiting the body of an exorcist
forced prepubescent boys to submit to
anal intercourse the devil was said to
have done this in a violent manner but
the children were allowed to suffer the
Temptation forced on them by the
possessed Exorcist because this
supported them an opportunity to rebuke
the pleasure of the sin and thus obtain
salvation
[Music]
the priests who were present during the
application of the fires of Temptation
encouraged the children to flee the
sexual advances of the devil and they
were told that they should not enjoy the
experience the priests helped the
children to call upon the name of the
Lord to see past the pain of Temptation
to the relief of Salvation when the
devil was present applying the sexual
Temptation the boys were told to rebuke
him in the name of Jesus they rebuked
his acts of violence they rebuked his
offer of carnal pleasure
helping the children to renounce this
forced sexual act allowed them to accept
Eternal salvation
after the devil was rebuked he
reportedly fled the scene and the
priests witnessed The Exorcist
exhausting release the children were
then taken to a sacred bath where they
were baptized and thus cleansed of any
stain they emerged from the Waters of
cleansing to a New Life
then they were given white robes to
cover their nakedness a symbol of the
Purity they gained from renouncing the
devil these robes would have been made
of the same material as the bandage that
covered the naked boy who was with Jesus
in a Garden of Gethsemane when he was
arrested
after this ceremony the boys were
returned to the priests involved in
their initiation in order to purge
themselves of any violent memories of
the fires of Temptation
priests then repeated their instructions
that the details of their initiations
were to remain a mystery telling others
about their experience was a sin the
boys were reminded that hell awaits
those who are disobedient finally they
were given food to a Christian priest
living in the earliest years of the
church salvation was not a joke priests
thought the children allowed to go on
living as pagans would be sent to hell
for eternity
initiating them into the way
would ultimately save their souls from
an eternity of pain and suffering this
must be the reason the priests took such
drastic measures to save the Youth of
the world the Pains of the fires of
sexual Temptation were far less horrific
than an eternity in the Underworld
whether or not modern Catholic priests
are following the tradition of
institutional rape created by the
earliest Christian clergy
has so far eluded the public
even a cursory look at the earliest
writings of the Christians reveals that
ritual rape was an Institutional
standard used in processing initiates it
is not unreasonable to assume that the
theological justification for sodomizing
young boys is still present in the ranks
of Catholic priests
[Music]
the rape of children in the modern
Christian Church may not be as organized
as it was when the church first
developed but child abuse clearly
remains an Institutional problem
for reasons that continue to elude
investigators the church actively
Fosters and protects the practice of
child molestation and sexual assault
priests have sexually abused children
for centuries and Bishops have always
protected these rapists from prosecution
Catholic church has remained very much
the same for two thousand years
problem of child rape may never be
rooted out of the church
because it is integral to the very
foundations of Christianity
[Music]
is
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]